There's a few benchmarks that we all
know about. There's Brent, there's WTI.
There's others, but those are the two
that we talk about. If we transpose this
to chips for a second, okay, we let's
say you have an H100 index. We did an
episode of the podcast um last week, I
think, with the CEO of uh Cerebrus,
which is another
>> Amazing company, yep.
>> Yeah, but they're a different another
type of chip for inference.
Is your assumption that these indices
are going to be close enough to the cost
such that if you're okay, I'm running
inference maybe on some servers or TPUs
or training whatever some of these
others that the that the market that a
that an H100 index will be good enough
as a hedging instrument?
>> This is the whole goal for me sitting
here, actually, right?
There's a meaningful average financial
products in my the functional reason.
For commodity, it is for hedging, right?
This speculation is great, but they're
really for people to hedge their
volatility, to do risk allocation, to do
risk transfer, and then asset capital
allocation. If we can't do it to what
you said, then we fail at our job.
>> [music]
>> Hello and welcome to another episode of
the Odd Lots podcast. I'm Tracy [music]
Alloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal.
>> So Joe, we're still continuing our
series recorded from the live show in
New York. We had a bunch of great
conversations. Couple of them were
building off of discussions that we had
had previously, and one of those
discussions was in Chicago at another
live show about six or seven months ago,
back in October. We spoke with Don
Wilson of DRW
uh about the trading environment, but
also about his new venture.
>> Right. And so his new venture is one
that actually there's quite a bit of
competition in and quite a bit of
excitement in. And it's essentially like
okay, GPUs were we know they're very
important for the AI boom etc. The
question is can GPU capacity, which is
scarce,
>> Mhm.
>> can it become a tradeable commodity such
that I can buy futures to lock in my
price of access to compute power? Could
I sell the resell those futures? Will
there be speculators speculating on the
upper down price of like an H100 running
an H100 Nvidia chip for an hour? This is
a big question. We know there's a lot of
interest in the actual compute, but
whether there's interest in compute
futures as tradeable instruments is a
very TBD.
>> Yeah, and the analogy that everyone
always uses is compute is the new oil,
right? So, why can't it have an oil, you
know, a market structure that looks
somewhat like the oil market? And there
are challenges, fungibility is a big
one, like one chip might not necessarily
be equal to another chip.
>> chip, the same chip at one data center
might not be equal to the same chip at a
different data center.
>> Exactly. And so, even if you're not
interested in AI, what I say here is
like the market structure questions and
the idea of building an entirely new
market is really fascinating to me and I
think others will find it interesting,
too. And we really do have the perfect
guest. We're speaking with Carmen Lee.
She is the CEO of Compute Exchange and
Silicon Data. These are the two
companies that Wilson is invested in and
they've already announced that they're
doing futures with the CME. So, really
the perfect person to speak to. So, take
a listen.
All right. So, some people might
remember last October we spoke with Don
Wilson of DRW Fame and he was talking to
us about his new project, which was
basically building out this compute
exchange. Now, we're here with you 6
months later. You're actually the one
leading it. How far are you in this
endeavor? And remind us what exactly are
you trying to do here?
>> Yeah, so thank you for the the question
from the audience.
Before I do that, I'm actually going to
call back to 6 months ago in the dawn
podcast you did. You asked them the
question, what if computer prices keep
going to go up?
At the time, September, October,
computer prices were going down across
all chips. Now see what happened. I
think you called it.
>> [laughter]
>> I think you called it before the market
called it. So I'm the founder and CEO
for Silicon Data. So that's the index
provider for GPU indices.
We recently announced partnership with
CME. So we'll be launching GPU future
and options.
On CME in couple of months.
Pending CFTC approval, obviously. So
that's quite exciting.
We've been working on GPU indices for
past 2 and 1/2 years starting 2024
April. So it's been a while. We launched
first world's first GPU indices at
Bloomberg terminal in 2025.
A year later, we launched the
partnership with CME. So that's quite
exciting. Separately, I heard you
mention Compute Change before. So thank
you for doing that, Joel.
I'm the CEO for Compute Change, which is
spot marketplace for GPU procurement. So
we do reserve contracts, forward
contracts, as well as refurbished
contracts.
>> Let's talk about the variety of options
that we have to financialize compute and
so forth. So who is This I mean this
came up in our conversation the first
conversation we had with we had with Ian
Dunning. Who is the type of buyer who
would want to buy compute on a spot
market? Cuz right, you talk about
typically we think it's like these
multi-year contracts where some entity
enters into a contract with a data
center or a near cloud, whatever, and
this is they have this for a while. So
who is the Who is the buyer or the user
of these instruments that might want to
buy spot compute or very short-term
short-dated compute futures.
>> It's a great question. So, we the
compute market right now for compute
change, we have
all our provider mostly at new clouds
around the world. That's one side.
Another side is a big variety for AI
startup. So, even though they are
startup, they spend millions of dollars
on GPUs already. They are enterprises
who are traditional businesses, but they
are needing a node, two nodes, a few
servers here and there for their
inferencing or I don't know, other
deployment needs. They are providers,
they are inferencing providers, right?
They don't own GPUs, but they provide
open source open weights model support
for other use cases. So, we see a big
variety. Um, most North American firms.
Um, they do a variety of combination
contracts. Um, obviously on demand give
you the most flexibility. You don't pay
when you don't use it. However, you also
at the mercy of the demand supply curve
any given time. So, translate to your
price can go from $3 to $6 to $9 depends
on demand supply curve shifting. So,
that doesn't help when you can have a
predictable margin.
And also in terms of scares, you you're
not guaranteed for GPU resources for
next hour or next month. So, you see a
lot of people shifting from on demand to
reserve even for contracts, right? So,
for contracts you basically lock in a
deliverables for next whatever month,
right? Starting in September maybe or
starting November or February opens,
right? So, this all comes because of
market condition. So, compute change
cover that, the physical GPU
procurement, also token. So, we'd love
to talk about token as well.
Um, on flip side, who's going to use the
futures options can be similar set of
people, right? You would at oil market,
which we all love W T I brands, right?
The people use W T I brand, a lot of
them are naturally long oil. So, the
shells, right? The producers,
um they need to hedge their revenue
volatility by shorting futures or put
options. If you're naturally short oil,
American Airlines, right? They want to
control their cost volatility, they want
to uh obviously use future options as
well.
Simple to compute. Your New Cloud or
you're anyone have the servers. Ideally,
you want to have predictable revenue
streams.
>> So, the the New Cloud would be the shell
in this example.
>> Exactly. You you you have GPUs, right?
All the banks were GPUs on your balance
sheet, right? You're long GPUs.
Then, naturally, you want to make sure
your revenue, right? Is is stable to a
certain degree, and then you want to use
future to do so. If you are naturally
short GPU, which is everybody in this
room unless you tell me you have GPUs,
right? Then, you net uh depends how much
you use.
If you want to control your cost
volatility, you want to use future to
hedge as well.
>> Just on the compute exchange side of
things,
if someone is buying like off the spot
market, how do you guarantee I'm not
sure quality is the right word for this,
but how do you guarantee they're getting
what they expect?
>> a great um question. So, I can uh flip
to slide if you don't mind.
>> Oh, yeah. We have visuals for this one,
too.
>> So, I usually don't like to use slides,
but this time cuz you mentioned a good
question. So, we actually call it GPU
lottery.
So, we published a paper uh earlier this
year at GP GPO conference with Jefferson
Lab um
on GPU performances. We actually So,
we'll we'll can have you create a link
and you know to the audience later on.
We actually This is A100, by the way. I
know we didn't put tag on, but this is
A100 40 GB memory bandwidth.
Uh we proved there's 38% performance
variance for the same chip. and then we
decompose into the chip itself, intra
provider and inter provider.
And there's many reason for that, right?
And to your point, you can you don't
know until you get a GPUs. We have a um
plats for GPU,
Carfax for GPU, depends how you look at
it. So, we in compute change, you
actually verify the GPU before deliver
it to you. So, basically you you can ask
you for saying, "Hey, I want a 200 B 200
ons."
Obviously, we'll give you specs back and
the commercial back. Same time, we
independently verify the performances on
flops, memory bandwidth, tokens, uh and
other information, SLAs, and other
things. And as a user, you can decide is
price your most important criteria?
Maybe it is. Or maybe you're willing to
pay a premium for geolocation or the
performances that's you care more about
on latency. Right? We believe giving
people the option and transparency is
the most important thing.
>> So,
let's stick with the oil analogy for a
second. You know, there's a few
benchmarks that we all know about.
There's Brent, there's WTI. There's
others, but those are the two that we
talk about. If we transpose this to
chips for a second, you okay, we say you
have an H100 index. We did an episode of
the podcast last week, I think, with the
CEO of uh Cerebrus, which is another
>> Amazing company, yep.
>> Yeah, but they're a different another
type of chip for inference.
Is your assumption that these industries
are going to be close enough to the cost
such that if you're Okay, I'm running
inference maybe on some servers or TPUs
or training whatever some of these
others, that the that the market that a
that an H100 index will be good enough
as a hedging instrument?
>> This the whole goal for me sitting here,
actually, right? There's a meaningful
every financial products. In my the
functional reason for commodity, it is
for hedging, right? This speculation is
great, but it really for people to hedge
their volatility, to do risk allocation,
to do
risk transfer, and then asset capital
allocation. If we can't do it you we
said, then we fail at our job, right? So
that's why we went all the way back, the
way we
develop our index model is not a simple
math. It's not hey, you have 2 H 100 to
simple average, right? Because then then
you compare apple to oranges. The 2 H
100 can have different CPU, different
RAM, different disk, different
geolocation, different memory bandwidth.
You cannot do simple math. What we do is
we usually collect 6 month of historical
trading data from over 100 data data
sources, and we see which factor drive
the price differentiation. So every day
over 150,000
traded prices ingested our platform, and
we normalize the traded prices based on
different characteristics of the model
itself, and then normalize to a base
case, and then we do the math of
settlement price calculation, right? So
then this price will be highly
correlated, ideally, as much as it can
to the price you pay at a new cloud, for
example.
However, it won't be the same, just like
basis trading, right? Like every out of
commodity there's a basis risk. We're
helping client calculating the basis
risk, so you know, hey, you US East, you
may be a bit higher or two, then there's
expectation, a manageable correlation
understanding of the indices.
>> You mentioned volatility just then. I
mean, the reason people need to hedge is
because of volatility.
Are you seeing enough of that in GPU
prices that like this model makes sense?
Because if it's just a steady line up or
steady line down, like it's going to be
a kind of boring market.
>> It is uh um
So it's interesting. So last year with
when GP price all going down, the big
conversation is why do you need indices
for something price will always go down.
And this year is like, why do you want
to indices when price always go up?
Literally, this is all the question I
get. It's It's pretty fascinating. So,
when we look at the volatility, we look
at daily vol volatility movement, not
the price up and down, right? The daily
volatility for A100 H100 is around 20 to
30. It's a very healthy commodity
volatility range. Um so, it's I don't
manage the volatility. It just happened
to be that volatility. That's can
change. Um it's all because we normalize
it. If you look at each individual chip
configuration at different geolocation,
the volatility are different. There are
some chips with 8% volatility, some
chips with over 100. Because
normalization of indices, you actually
get very healthy 20 to 30 daily vol.
>> Here's the question. I'm always
fascinated by like, you know, we look at
the Bloomberg terminal, for example, and
there's a price on the screen, and it's
just there. And we sort of take it for
granted that like it had to come from
somewhere. And maybe some some
commodities have like a you know,
there's an existing exchange and a
public price, and then there's also a
lot of commodities that are just
bilateral trades. What is the actual
process by which you collect the most
recent data? So, if you say, "Okay, H an
hour of H100 usage costs X, right?
Whatever it is right now." How did you
assemble that number? How did you gather
that information from say the inference
providers?
>> It So, it is a very can be lengthy
depends on what data sources.
Um the nature of GPU spot markets,
Compute Changes one of them, and then
many many new clouds, hyperscale
marketplaces all have very different
contract size, um durations, specs, and
they are a way to manage their data,
right? So, it's a lot of a licensing
conversation, negotiation. A good Well,
and also contact a little myself. I
don't know I was used for Bloomberg
data. So, I was in data businesses for
for a period of time. Um so, everything
is
pretty intuitive to me. It's very
important to get a variety of data
sources, especially for computer
>> Like do you call them up? Like so, it's
like okay, the price is different on a
Friday
>> you zoom them up. You well, you first
have a conversation. Say, "Hey, I love
what you do. You're winning your cloud.
Can I license your data?"
>> Okay.
>> And then your your your feedback is,
"What is in for me?" Right? And then
we'll talk about commercials. And then
your concern could be, "Hey, you know,
if I give you all my data, I give away
all my secrets." And then we'll go
through traditional licensing agreement.
What can I disclose? What I want from
you? What I do not want from you? What's
the pipeline look like? Are you right
you use a street market job? Are you are
running my API to yours? Are you running
to mine? It's a lot of conversation.
It's actually pretty standard
conversation. And right now we have 8
million pricing points globally around
200 data sources. Um it's pretty much
BAU. Um a lot of people will say, "Hey,
Kamran, always bring up do you can I
have your data?" It's always my ending.
>> Um
you know, we were talking about GPU
indices and
you're not the only one doing GPU price
indices for sure.
>> Not anymore.
>> Yeah, not anymore. But when you look at
some of the other ones, like sometimes
they show different numbers or even
different longer-term trends. What
accounts for the discrepancy there? What
are you doing differently or what are
they doing differently, I guess?
>> So, I can't comment on other people's
methodology cuz I actually do not know.
Um
different data raw data, different
methodology will eventually drive to
different prices.
Um so, the way I would look at this is,
you know, it's of always smart for
anyone to look at multiple data sources
and then figure out what is the actual
decision you have to make. Which data
source do you trust? The market always
vote.
Um once the thing start trading, the
market always gravitates towards things
actually help them hedge, right? If you
easily manipulatable, if you are not a
data source people actually actually use
to hedge, then this the what's the point
aside from speculation, right? So, you
know, I love to say I mean I also
strongly believe we're the best, but
again, I will let the market decide,
which will happen very soon.
>> So, of course, like yes, there's the
economic rationale for the existence of
a hedging instrument, and we can
understand that. Someone who is an
entity that from time that needs
compute, they're short implicitly short
GPUs, they want to hedge, etc.
What are you seeing on the But the
liquid markets also really do need
speculators, and they need people
betting on price. What are you seeing
right now in terms of traders or
institutions, etc., who do do not who
are who economically can take both sides
of the trade, and it how active is this
getting where it's just a compute
trading desk that is separate from their
like economic needs?
>> Um
so
the conversation has been going on for
very long time with various banks,
>> Yeah.
>> various market participants,
speculators.
Um they're all very excited. So, some
banks obviously have those both sides of
the trade, right? So, they can cross off
some positions internally, that's great.
Um obviously some they have to use
leverage external um products. So,
that's where we come in. Um the way I
encourage them to do is um I selfishly,
I want them to start trading desk on
compute. The more people trade, the
better for me, right, selfishly. Um but
at the same time, it's important for
people to understand GPU trading. It's
not like you can't just move someone
from trade oil or electricity with no
background context jumping to GPU
compute futures. There's a lot of
context where number one, GPU, it is not
a product. Number two, you have to
understand the use case of A100 H100.
Right now, they're not that correlated.
Is that right? Maybe that's not right. I
don't know. There are use cases which
they're pretty separated, but maybe
there are use cases they can be
transferred. And also there's software
layer to this, right? So right now, you
can argue certain use cases, certain
large amount of models cannot be
deployed and
the legacy chips, but doesn't mean 6
months later it cannot do so. As the
software layer compression, model
compression gets better, optimization
gets better, things can change. So we
really understand not just the hardware
configuration, this local supply demand
curve for the server itself, also
software layer. That's kind of critical,
right? That's really changes supply
demand curve and all the way to the user
behavior. So it's all it's going to take
some time. So that's we we have to
engage with a lot of participants. Yeah.
Make sure they have the right setup.
>> I have what is possibly a dumb question,
but the compute futures, how are those
actually settled? Cuz I have like images
in my mind of taking physical physical
delivery of like maybe one of those big
uh
>> I'll give you a free wafer. I'll give
you a server away for it. That'll be
fun. Um so for the CME futures, it will
be financially settled
um just like um
the traditional oil settlement price
prices goes. Um four contracts obviously
we do four right now. It can be changed,
but we always open to do, you know,
physical delivery futures especially
given that we do have Silicon Mark,
which is GPU benchmarking. So imagine
the future you can do, "Hey, I want a 20
grade A B200 this configuration, this
shape um of servers in US East." And
then at the end you'll get that. Um
well, usually API calls so you don't get
physical and stuff. It's cool as
physically give you a free wafer. But
you get API calls.
>> One can dream.
How do you literally trade it? Is in
like let's say there's probably some
very bright people in the room now with
an institution. When this is when it's
all listed and everything, does it need
to go through like a futures broker? Is
it like a Could it be like a prediction
market where you just go to the website?
Like, what is the actual
How does someone actually get into it?
Setting aside whether they're
sophisticated enough and whether they
know what they're doing. A lot of people
trade who have no idea
>> Minor issue.
>> Yeah, setting all of this aside, yes,
you know, only trade what you know, but
like, what is it though, through a prime
broker? Like, how will people actually
be able to participate in this market?
>> The beauty of CME is you can do the same
thing you're doing now, trading CME
products.
>> Okay.
>> The same process, settlement processing
margin, that's why you get great margin
optimization, right? Everything is BAU.
It's not no different. Um we are we
don't have anything right now. We
>> So, when a commodities broker that
someone has,
they will be able to on that platform,
they will have access to these
instruments.
>> Exactly, right. Yeah, we make it easy
for people.
>> Would you be upset if a prediction
market set up a GPU price contract of
some sort? Would that eat into your
business?
>> Not at all. Um so, we actually worked
with Polymarket uh last year. Someone
actually listed my product at Polymarket
with um my consent. It's not so much
[laughter] It's pretty It's always start
like that. And then someone told me that
and then we reached out to Polymarket
and said, "Hey, do you want to do
something, you know, uh
more real?" So, we did uh February
settled and April settled uh a few
contracts uh on Polymarket just to test
the water, right? Obviously, we're
exclusively uh
uh with CME right now. Um but yeah, so I
think you know, people have you know,
obviously, you have to do all the right
licensing, not manipulate it, right? All
all the right things. Yeah, I you know,
I don't think markets can do whatever
they want and then people will choose
the best product for them to use.
>> Setting aside the um the financial
instruments for the moment, would people
think about AI and they think about the
use of GPUs, they mostly still probably
in their mind think of like Open AI,
Anthropic, and Google basically, and
that's kind of it. But obviously, as
you've stated, like the the world of
entities that serve inference in some
form or another is much greater than
these three companies that we talk
about. Talk to us a little bit more
about what the actual world of inference
provision looks like outside of outside
of the big household AI names.
>> So, the ones you mentioned, they mostly
are closed-source models, as we call it,
right? But they do have some open-source
versions, but they're famous for their
closed-source models. So, we actually
track 300 open-source
open weights, closed-source models
globally from pricing and consumption
point of view.
Um
it is really interesting if we have
actually, you know, we haven't really
formally launched LM token indices. You
can currently look at Bloomberg, and
it's on Bloomberg. Um
What's interesting is
people are depends. It's all
based on your choices.
>> Mhm.
>> Right now, the price actually doubled
following indices from now to from
December 1st last year. It's like $2.21
per million token. It's a mixture of
input output token prices average
weighted by consumption by basket
models.
>> Mhm.
>> Um it's not here. This is GPU,
unfortunately.
>> Wait, so I just Well, since we have this
specific chart up right now, I can't The
angle that I'm looking at it, I can't
actually see So, what is
What is the uh Y axis in this chart
show?
>> So, what you're looking at that's the
dollar per per GPU power rental rate on
demand for three chips.
>> Okay.
>> The top one, the yellow line, is B200
new cloud on demand per GPU power. So,
it's a mouthful.
Um the line, the U-line is interesting,
right? So, every new chip we came out
based on historical data, A100, H100,
usually came out to be high.
>> Okay.
>> And then comes down as more supply, you
know, came life. And then price will
come came down and then stabilizes. So,
that's the trend we have observed for
A100 and then for H100. So, when B200
came out, we published the data last
year at Bloomberg this early this year,
the price was high and then came down,
which is kind of what I expected, but
the slope was less deep than I expected.
I was like, "Hmm, that's interesting.
That's the slope wasn't as steep." And
then and then and then quickly observed
the price just came up. And now it's
higher than the initial open, whatever
you call that, right? Launch prices.
That shows you demand supply curve in a
different stage than whatever stage we
had before. So, the A100 didn't the red
line is H100. Um, new cloud on demand
per GPU power rate. So, you can see the
price came down last year a little bit.
Sorry about the scale, so you don't see
much, but it came down and came back up
um quite a bit. Uh, I think the last 3
months came up to like 8% for the H100.
The A100 is older oldest chips among the
three, right? They're pretty, s- you
know,
pretty much a commodity at this point.
The price came down, they stabilized,
but the price came up about 10, 15% for
the past 3 months.
Remember the A100, right? They're
they're not the latest and greatest at
all.
Um, so this also tells you the supply
and demand curve shifting.
>> Oh, yeah. Actually, that reminds me. Can
you talk to us cuz you're doing
refurbishment of chips as well, right?
Like which seems like challenging in
many ways and kind of reminds me a lot
about like the sort of Carvana model of
compute or something like that.
>> [laughter]
[clears throat]
>> How are you actually doing this? Like
how does that business work?
>> So,
this is this is equivalent to two
different things. One is
for people come to compute change saying
that, "Hey, I want to you know, as you
and your cloud provider, right? If you
got a piece of land, you got energy
colocation, great. Congratulations. Now
your option is number one, should I get
the latest and greatest, the B300, the
GBs, the better room and wait for a few
months, or do you want to get a
refurbished chips and turn around maybe
sooner, right? Then to you it's become
ROI calculation for the most part,
right? Um the what's your expected
you know, future revenue generation,
what's your residual value calculation,
how much you going to purchase by,
right? It's a actually pretty simple
cash flow based, you know, ROI
calculation. So, the way we approach
residual value and the refurbished
transaction is, you know, based on ROI,
you know, this is your potential break
even looking at H100, right? Obviously,
you're not going to charge as high as
B200, but your cost base is also lower.
So, you can do the future you assume a
few years of four contract signed 3
years, this kind of cash flow back,
that's your residual value now, right?
So, we do that calculation with people
so they understand, "Hey, what's the
value supposed to generate?" And then
what's the trading the market prices for
refurbished or used GPU? Okay, and you
have the test you have to make sure
things works and you there's other
nuances to that, but we help with the
understanding of the whole residual
value. And then that's why the whole the
whole bubble thing came about, but go
ahead.
>> What month was it last year when like
everyone got really obsessed with like
the lifespan of chips? Remember
like Michael Burry like tweeted
something about he's like, "Oh, the
lifespan, they're like, right?" And
everyone was freak spent like 3 weeks
free and then moved on from that
conversation, right? Like that was like
What like what do what do we know about
chip lifespans? Are there misconceptions
out there about the how long
>> Yes.
>> these can get be productive?
>> Um I got interviewed a few times, but I
don't I mean I'm not important I still
I'm not important, but back then I even
less relevant.
Um, I was telling the reporters, I was
like, "Look, I don't know what you did
or you're looking at um based on my I
actually have blogs on my website which
is completely you can just search for
it. Last year because of that
conversation
I want you a curve later on. Um,
the second year H100 residual value of
resale value for refurbish chips about
85 cents on a dollar. So, a year later
you can sell 85 cents on a dollar. It's
pretty good, I would say. The third year
is 84 cents on a dollar. And my I think
my car depreciates way more than that,
right? And I drive my car for what I
would turn 10 10 years. So, it's I don't
I have the data, but again, I'm not
going to argue against narrative which
is
>> So, but there was a there's a fairly
decent drop from year one to year two,
but after that you see a general
leveling off.
>> That's November December analysis. Right
now it's a little different. I haven't
refreshed the study, but our code is
there. If you're on my data client, you
can run my code and you get a number
right away.
>> [laughter]
>> Um, the another thing I want to point
out is L40s. They are like, you know,
the OGs, right? At the time they used to
they are still people still use them.
They charge you hyper still charge you
40 cents per GB per hour.
So, you know, I don't know about two
years where is that number coming from,
but I will I will do that trade every
single day. If you sell me a two years
old at 10 cents on a dollar, I'll buy
it.
>> Um,
there's a sort of big question looming
in the background of a lot of these
discussions which is
the B question, I guess, whether or not
we're in an AI bubble, right? And you
sort of touched on it earlier. You have
all this granular data on how people are
actually using compute, GPU prices, all
of that. What's What's your take on the
big question?
>> So, as an index provider, I cannot give
any forward guidance.
>> [laughter]
>> Nor do I know. Disclaimer.
>> Nor do I know, right? In fairness, I
know what do I know. So, the way I look
at it is
we have to define a bubble, right? So,
if you look at stock bubble, right? And
then Nasdaq shot up 200% and came back
down to 84% whatever back then.
That's it's a bubble, right? Um the way
I look at bubble is can is your
valuation
can your um future cash flow support
today's valuation of yours,
right? So, then I'm not talking about
like open AI and everyone else
valuation. I'm not a VC. I don't I don't
I don't understand that that that
process. Um the way I look at GPUs, the
machines, it's actually pretty simple.
Look at future cash flow of your forward
contracts and then you discount it back.
Can you get your money back for the
price you pay,
right? It's actually pretty
straightforward in for the machine
level.
>> Right.
>> But to your point, right? You can say,
"Hey, what happened if um demand
dropped? No one going to use your
whatever things you have."
But remember the forward contract is
signed contract. You you have that you
kind of know. Obviously, if you have
things the biggest concern is
people have concern over built.
You have over built then by theory then
all your prices will come down cuz it's
over supply of the market, right? So,
then you can talk about supply demand
equilibrium.
How we How do we know about future
demand of GPUs, right? I don't know
that. Everyone's guess is better than
mine probably. Um
the way I look at it is not
it's not that easy to bring any GPU
online,
right?
>> Right.
>> You can You hear all those say big data
center built $25 billion invested, but
they don't translate to immediate GPU uh
availability, right? You need the
servers which you have to be a wait
listed if you buy brand new stuff,
colocation, you need optic fiber.
So, it's a lot of uh unfortunately
stars have to be aligned.
>> Wait, but people can default on
contracts, right? So, even if you have a
long-term contract signed like that
could Could work out. Could you envision
like credit default swaps or something
in the compute market? Like
>> So that happens in every other markets,
right? Every market if you do OTC trade,
you have the risk someone will default
on you. Doesn't matter who they are,
right? So there's very
There's a lot of mechanism to hedge
that. Um the things you cannot hedge is
GPU cost, right? The price you entered.
So that's something exactly what CME
futures for. You can
have the transparency and the liquidity
and then the easiness of trading it out
and hedge your position.
>> Carmen Lee, thank you so much for
joining us today.
>> you. THIS IS GREAT.
>> [applause]
>> THAT WAS OUR CONVERSATION WITH CARMEN
Lee of Compute Exchange and Silicon
Data. I'm Tracy Alloway, you can follow
me at TracyAlloway.
>> And I'm Joe Weisenthal, you can follow
me at The Stalwart. Follow Carmen Lee at
CarmenLee. Follow our producers Carmen
Rodriguez at CarmenArmand-Dash Bennett
at DashBot, Caleb Brooks at CalebBrooks,
and Kevin Lozano at KevinLloydLozano.
>> And for more Odd Lots content, you
should check out our daily newsletter.
You can find that at
bloomberg.com/oddlots.
>> And you can chat about all these topics
24/7 in our Discord, discord.gg/oddlots.
>> And if you enjoyed this conversation,
then please leave a comment or like the
video or better yet, subscribe.
>> Thanks for watching.
>> [music]
[music]